---
title: Roll 2d6
date: 2024-06-01T02:33:15.380Z
tags:
  - Fiction
categories: Fiction
description: A short piece of fiction I wrote focusing on two people and their
  relationship to a new game, but more importantly, their relationship as
  friends.
weight: 0
cover:
  hidden: false
  relative: false
editPost:
  URL: ""
  Text: ""
  appendFilePath: false
showToc: false
TocOpen: false
hidemeta: false
comments: false
disableHLJS: false
disableShare: false
hideSummary: false
searchHidden: false
ShowReadingTime: false
ShowBreadCrumbs: false
ShowPostNavLinks: false
ShowWordCount: false
ShowRssButtonInSectionTermList: false
UseHugoToc: false
---
“Roll.”

The word casually left his lips, and by the time I understood what he said, it struck me that I had no idea what he meant. 

“What?”

I wondered how to begin the game that Isaac had been raving about for weeks.  Apparently he was introducing it to all of his friends, so I thought it was worth giving a shot.  Isaac, a friend of mine since grade school, had invited me to learn how to play.  All I knew was that the game was called Roll 2d6.

We were sitting at a cheap card table in his even cheaper apartment in the city. The inexpensive folding chairs were doing their best job supporting us.  The off-white walls have been toned yellow from the previous tenant, an avid smoker whose lasting aroma has by now only mostly been eradicated. 

“Come on Weston, am I really going to be your first?”
I rolled my eyes and was tempted to not even respond to him, but decided it would be rude not too.

“Seems like it.”

“Just roll two six-sided die; that’s what 2d6 means.”

Examining the low-end card table, I saw a pair of semi-transparent red dice off to the side.  Still unsure of what to expect, I picked up the two cubes that seemed to represent the game and rolled them across the table.  I rolled a six and a one.

“Seven. Now what?”

Isaac pulled two blue dice out of his pocket and responded by rolling them.  It came up as a six.  I had to look twice because of the light above us flickered, proving it to be less reliable than the dutiful chairs. 

“Ever think about fixing that light? Or that noisy refrigerator?”

Seemingly on cue, the refrigerator let out another guttural groan as if it wanted to eat the food stored inside of it.

“Weston, the game has started.”

“So, what’s next?” 

“You tell me.”

“What?”

“Who are you?”

“Myself.”

“You can do anything you want, where are you?”

At this point, I didn’t know if this was just an elaborate joke that Isaac was playing on me.  Asking me where I was?  Obviously, I was in his shoddy apartment.  The four cubes that apparently got the game started stayed static on the table, waiting for further use.

“I’m in your miserable apartment. Where do you think?”

“Are you sure?  You can be anywhere.”

“O.K punk, I’m in the White House.”

“Roll.”

I gave Isaac a sarcastic look, picked up my dice, and rolled them across the table. The total added up to eleven, and I tried to hide my excitement about it. Based on what little information Isaac shared with me, higher rolls seemed advantageous.

“Impressive.  It seems as though you’re at a White House for an event, seems like it’s an award ceremony centered around you. What’s the award for?” 

Isaac has always been known for storytelling and fibbing more than his fair share, but this was to a different level.  Maybe it could top the time he lied his way out of a drunk and disorderly charge when he convinced the cop they shared a second uncle. I was still awfully confused but decided to play along.  I was hesitant with my response, not knowing where the game would lead.  I decided to choose something vague.

“Bravery.”

“Sure, who’s handing you the award?”

“The president.”

“Who’s the president?”

At this point, I was getting frustrated with all the questions, so I snapped a bit and responded sarcastically.

“Siri, or whatever that phone lady is called.  How about that?”

Isaac chuckled, entertained by my answer.  I then imagined a room full of important people looking at a stage occupied by me and a life-sized iPhone.  A snicker escaped my lips.  Maybe he was entertained by the same image in his own mind's eye.  Isaac then rolled his dice and got a total of four.

“That’s too bad.  It seems like Siri is having a slight malfunction.  Her normally controlled and predictable voice is abnormal and a bit sporadic, with some questionable word choice.”

“So, what does Siri say?”

“On behalf of the flesh humans in our five hundred mediocre states, I, HAL-- I mean, Siri, bestow give hand commit grant present provide this award of bravery to our recipient, INSERT RECIPIENT NAME HERE.”

I laughed at Isaac’s quick wit and got a kick out of imagining a robotic voice malfunctioning in front of the large crowd.  Not surprisingly, he asked me what I wanted to do next.  I decided to try and catch Isaac off guard with something he wouldn’t expect.

“I need to talk to President Siri in private. It’s a matter of national security.”

“Roll.”

I picked up the fate-deciding tools and flicked them across the table.  Unfortunately, I got snake eyes, a total of two.  The fridge also seemed concerned, as it released a low grinding noise in response. Isaac's eyes widened, I knew something bad was about to happen.

“You attempt to whisper into President Siri’s microphone. Unfortunately, she misunderstands you and takes it as a sexual advance.”

I sighed with disappointment and brought my palm to my forehead.  iPhones may be well designed devices, but not that well designed.  I then planned what to do in order to salvage the now rapidly deteriorating situation, and there seems to also be a national secure issue present as well, which was somehow my idea?

“So, Weston, it seems as though there has been some sort of miscommunication between you and the malfunctioning President Siri.  She’s about to text one of the guards about your inappropriate behavior; how do you react?”

I still didn’t know what to do.  I paused and had nothing to say.  I suppose I took too long because before I responded, Isaac cut me off as I opened my mouth to say something.  He asked me to roll, and to my surprise, I rolled a ten.  I guess I got lucky. I heard the faint whirring overhead come to a halt, making me think the air conditioning shut off, but that wasn’t important right now.

“Siri notices that you don’t even attempt to defend yourself and is impressed by your boldness.  She notices her processor beginning to overheat if you know what I mean.” 

“I compliment Siri on her elegant design and the quality of her building materials.”

“She’s quite flattered, flattered so much in fact that she wants to return the praise.  Unfortunately, her voice is also broadcasted throughout the room due to her malfunctions.”

Before Isaac continued, my mind wandered about what Siri was going to accidentally blurt out to the crowd and what I’d have to do in response.  Even though the situation I’ve been thrown into is completely absurd,  I have to admit I was quite invested.  The light flickered again, but I was too focused to let it bother me.  Isaac began speaking again, this time using his best impression of President Siri.

“Oh, Weston, I hope you know that I have one of the best touchscreens on the planet.  Why don’t you give it a tap?”

I rolled my eyes. This was the second iPhone pun he’s made, but I guess I had that coming when I said the President was Siri.  I still had to respond, but then I thought of an iPhone joke rivaling Isaac's.

“Can’t I just swipe to unlock your heart?”

Isaac burst out laughing, stepping out of character.  His laughter was infectious, so I joined in without even realizing it.  We hadn’t laughed like this middle school when we encased our teacher’s stapler in jello.  I had been so engaged in the game I forgot where I was.  His cheap apartment didn’t feel quite as drab, and the card table felt more impressive than before.  Isaac then told me that I won.  He said it sarcastically as if I didn’t really win or lose anything.  With a game like this one, I was unsure how to really win either.

“What? How?”

“Dunno, but that was funny enough to feel like a victory.”

“Hey Isaac?”

“Yeah?”

“Roll.”



*This story was written while I was a student at the University of Maryland working towards earning a minor in Creative Writing. My thanks go out to the incredibly supportive writing professors and to all the students who helped workshop this story with me.*
